CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Cloud Azure Ops Ansible Collection
 
We welcome community contributions to this collection.
This guide provides clear instructions for contributors on how to set up their environment for contributing to the `cloud.azure_ops` Ansible Collection.
If you find problems, please open an issue or create a Pull Request (PR) against this collection repository.

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your Machine:

1. Python3 and pip3
2. Docker or Podman  
For more information on how containers are used with Ansible, refer to the [Containers section in the Ansible Community Documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/testing_running_locally.html#containers).  
To allow managing Docker as a non-root user, refer to the [Linux post-installation steps for Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/).
3. Ansible
   This can be installed by running `pip3 install ansible`

## Environment Setup

To set up your environment for contributing to the Cloud Azure Ops Ansible Collection, follow these steps:

> **_NOTE:_** Make sure to replace `<working directory>` with the actual path where you want to clone the repositories and set up your environment. 

1. **Clone The "cloud.azure_ops" Ansible Collection**:  
   This repository, includes a variety of Ansible roles and playbooks to help automate the management of resources on Azure.
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.azure_ops.git <working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops
   ```

2. ***Clone the "Ansible collection for Azure" repository***:  
   The GitHub repository containing all Ansible Modules and Plugins for interacting with Azure that utilized by the Roles in this repository.
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/ansible-collections/azure.git <working directory>/ansible_collections/azure/azcollection
   ```

3. ***Prepare Azure Configuration File***:  
Prepare the Azure configuration file at `<working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops/tests/integration/cloud-config-azure.ini`. A template of this file is available in [the Ansible repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/config/cloud-config-azure.ini.template). Populate the file with your appropriate credentials and resource group information.

## Running tests

To run the tests, change directory into azure_ops directory:
```shell
   cd <working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops
```

### Integration tests

Run Ansible Integration tests, using the following command:
```shell
   ansible-test integration --docker
```

To run a specific test, add the test name before the `--docker` flag:
```shell
   ansible-test integration <test name> --docker
```
The <test name> should be replaced with the specific folder name under `<working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops/tests/integration/targets/` that you want to test.

### Sanity tests

Run Ansible Sanity tests, using the following command:
```shell
   ansible-test sanity --docker
```

### Lint tests

The project uses `ansible-lint` and `black`.
To execute these tools, run:
```shell
  tox -e linters
```

Commit message:

Add "Integration Test Naming Convention" section to the CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the Cloud Azure Ops Ansible Collection
 
We welcome community contributions to this collection.
This guide provides clear instructions for contributors on how to set up their environment for contributing to the `cloud.azure_ops` Ansible Collection.
If you find problems, please open an issue or create a Pull Request (PR) against this collection repository.

## Integration Test Naming Convention

In the CI, the test names should follow the convention of starting with the name of the collection. In the AzureOps collection, this is followed by test and the name of the role.

For example:
`azure_ops_test_azure_manage_resource_group`

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your Machine:

1. Python3 and pip3
2. Docker or Podman  
For more information on how containers are used with Ansible, refer to the [Containers section in the Ansible Community Documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/testing_running_locally.html#containers).  
To allow managing Docker as a non-root user, refer to the [Linux post-installation steps for Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/).
3. Ansible
   This can be installed by running `pip3 install ansible`

## Environment Setup

To set up your environment for contributing to the Cloud Azure Ops Ansible Collection, follow these steps:

> **_NOTE:_** Make sure to replace `<working directory>` with the actual path where you want to clone the repositories and set up your environment. 

1. **Clone The "cloud.azure_ops" Ansible Collection**:  
   This repository, includes a variety of Ansible roles and playbooks to help automate the management of resources on Azure.
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.azure_ops.git <working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops
   ```

2. ***Clone the "Ansible collection for Azure" repository***:  
   The GitHub repository containing all Ansible Modules and Plugins for interacting with Azure that utilized by the Roles in this repository.
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/ansible-collections/azure.git <working directory>/ansible_collections/azure/azcollection
   ```

3. ***Prepare Azure Configuration File***:  
Prepare the Azure configuration file at `<working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops/tests/integration/cloud-config-azure.ini`. A template of this file is available in [the Ansible repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/config/cloud-config-azure.ini.template). Populate the file with your appropriate credentials and resource group information.

## Running tests

To run the tests, change directory into azure_ops directory:
```shell
   cd <working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops
```

### Integration tests

Run Ansible Integration tests, using the following command:
```shell
   ansible-test integration --docker
```

To run a specific test, add the test name before the `--docker` flag:
```shell
   ansible-test integration <test name> --docker
```
The <test name> should be replaced with the specific folder name under `<working directory>/ansible_collections/cloud/azure_ops/tests/integration/targets/` that you want to test.

### Sanity tests

Run Ansible Sanity tests, using the following command:
```shell
   ansible-test sanity --docker
```

### Lint tests

The project uses `ansible-lint` and `black`.
To execute these tools, run:
```shell
  tox -e linters
```
